Title: Bedrock Linux
Nav:   home.nav

Bedrock Linux
=============

Bedrock Linux is a Linux distribution created with the aim of making most of
the (often seemingly mutually-exclusive) benefits of various other Linux
distributions available simultaneously and transparently.

If one would like a rock-solid stable base (for example, from Debian or a RHEL
clone) yet still have easy access to cutting-edge packages (from, say, Arch
Linux), automate compiling packages with Gentoo's portage, and ensure that
software aimed only for the ever popular Ubuntu will run smoothly - all at the
same time, in the same distribution - Bedrock Linux will provide a means to
achieve this.  See a [feature list](1.0beta2/features.html), [watch a
(old/outdated) demonstration](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuYMBCcgs98) or
[two](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOXGE_oV4XU) and read the
[introduction](introduction.html) and [FAQ](faq.html) for more.

## {id="poki-public-beta"} Poki public beta testing
<small>2018-11-05</small>

Pre-release builds of Bedrock Linux 0.7 Poki are now available for testing.
See [here](0.7/beta-test.html) for further details.  If you have the time and
resources, assistance testing would be appreciated.

## {id="poki-feature-complete"} Poki feature complete, undergoing internal testing
<small>2018-09-29</small>

An internal build of the upcoming Bedrock Linux release is now feature
complete.  Internal testing and bug fixing is now underway.

A release candidate is expected to be made public sometime in October or
November for further testing.  Any assistance testing at that time will be
greatly appreciated.  The proper release will follow, likely before the end of
2018.

## {id="poki-progress-2018-05"} May 2018 Poki Progress Update
<small>2018-05-05</small>

Given the relatively long release cycle, it seems prudent to provide an
occasional progress update.  Poki's development progress, updated 2018-05-05,
can be found [here](1.0beta3/progress.html).  While a substantial amount of
work has been done, much is left to do before the release is ready.

## {id="status-2017"} Project status as of the end of 2017
<small>2017-12-10</small>

Development over the past year and a half has been very slow due to unrelated
priorities consuming Bedrock Linux development time.  These priorities are
largely passed, and development should restart in earnest within the first
half of 2018.

There has been a fair bit of research towards the upcoming 1.0beta3 Poki
release before the development stagnation.  However, there is still some
research left to do, as well as a lot of time consuming development and
testing, and so it is unlikely that Poki will be released any time soon.  It is
unclear at this time if the increased scope for Poki mentioned in the last news
item will remain in place, or if it will be scoped back to hit an earlier
release date.

Apologies for the delay.  Hang in there, we want the next release at least as
much as you do.

## {id="poki-scope-increase"} Increase in scope for upcoming Bedrock Linux 1.0beta3 Poki
<small>2017-01-14</small>

The current Bedrock Linux release, 1.0beta2 Nyla, saw a substantial increase in
community feedback.  Given the focus on accessibility of the upcoming 1.0beta3
Poki release it is likely to see an even greater increase in user base.  It is
desirable to clear the backlog of smaller issues and toughen up the project
infrastructure before this projected uptick.  While the major features planned
on the roadmap are retained as the key goals, additional work will be put in to
clean up the code base, add tests, and rework the build system, amongst other
improvements.  This will likely push back the upcoming release but will help
ensure the upcoming increased attention is manageable.

[See older news items](news.html)
